Adding a log at functionality is super simple with firebase I go to the off service because here I have
all my off indication related methods someplace and I'll add a log out method to dis service doesn't
take any arguments and it will simply call firebase off and then we have a sign out method so sign out
will simply lock the user out.
And what this will do behind the scenes is it will delete our token our token.
I'll come back to this in a second.
Now with this in place let's look at this log out button in the app component which is where we have
days on log out method.
And here I will simply reach out to the off service which I need to inject for this of course I haven't
done this.
Let's quickly add this to the constructor here.
Let's inject the.
Of service like this.
Make sure to also add the import of course and with that object that I can reach out to be of service
and call log out to lock the user out if you click on logout button.
And of course I also want to close the menu once I did this.
So let's do this let's recompile the code and let's see if this works.
And you'll notice that there is an error on the right.
And if I try to go to recipe's the app actually breaks.
So something is wrong something is not working as it should now.
And this can be very tricky to spot.
Do you have an idea what might be wrong.
It really is hard to find.
Let's have a look at our code.
It is probably related to a setting or route page here.
Right.
Because something is broken with our page.
We get this error right away and we can't navigate to our abjured tap.
The issue we do have is when we watched the offstage changed event here and we do have to use reset.
So we are often dictated we call this nafs said root and Neph grabs the nav controller from our template.
The problem is we're doing this here now constructor and even though on all changed firers the event
asynchronously and Nadra right after the constructor was called.
It's pretty fast firebase doesn't take that long to find out if our user is offended by it.
And that results in an issue.
Our template hasn't been initialized.
Therefore our navigation stack hasn't been initialized.
Therefore viewed shild will actually not have grabbed our navigation control or from the template.
So this nafs said Drouet will actually not set the route of our navigation stack because it's not initialized
correctly to fix this.
I'm going to do something else here.
I'm going to change the taps page property here back to route page.
You'll see why in a second.
And I also add it does any type assignment which is important that this is of type any.
Now I'm going to go to the template and here set the root property of the Ayia Napa element back to
route page because that is what I change the property name to.
And I'm also going to change this year on the onload method for 40 recipe book.
I'm passing route page year because initially Deadwood will hold my tap's page now.
However I will dynamically reassign the page here so I will set this route page here equal to tap's
page.
If we are offended Kheta it and I will set it to the sign in page.
If we are not now.
This does not do the same as set route.
It will not necessarily navigate us there but it will set it to this page.
Behind the scenes and this will run for the first time before we actually initialized our navigation
Stec it will make sure that our navigation deck gets initialized with the right page.
Now I'll come back to how we can then navigate around later.
So with this let's save this change and let our app reload.
Now you see the error is gone and I'm able to go back to recipe's if I click on log out though.
You'll notice I stay on the shopping list.
If I open the menu again and close it without selecting something you see I'm now on a sign in page
so it needed this extra change to texture run to give us the right page.
So this is not working as intended.
I will come back to this in a second though before coming back to this.
Let's first understand how firebase did determine that we are authentic hated in the first place